---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

Week 4

Blog Questions:

1. What did you do this past week?     

This past week was mostly trying to finish Project 2. Getting our RMSE ,for probe.txt, below 1 took a little ingenuity but we finally got it there. We never got it to go below .95, for the extra credit. My partner and I tried for a few hours but then decided to just turn the project in without earning the extra credit. As for the lectures, we are still learning more of the finner points of the python language. I like yield. Knowing about that function helps understand what happens in python when you do things like write for loops and call map(). Very useful to know.


2. What's in your way?  

These Quizzes are getting hard. I'm not sure if its how I read the questions but these past few quizzes have not gone well for me. I know the content we are being quizzed on but if there is a lot of code to read then I usually get the question wrong. It most liking is due to the short amount of time given to read all that code. I'm really hoping that I'll have enough time to work out similar code question on the Exam.

3. What will you do next week?  

Study, Study, Study for the Exam!! If we don't get the next project assigned to us, then most of this next week is going to be dedicated to studying for the Exam.

*Make my blog site look the way I want it to.  
I have made great strides in making my new site. Just need to finish testing it and then I'll make it live. It'll be good to take this little task off my blog.

Tips:
Things are starting to pick up in school. I've found that now is the time that I need my calender to remind me of things that I need to do. I almost forgot to go to a mandatory event for a class I am taking. I'm pretty sure most of us use a calender to organize our tasks. but just in case some people don't then I highly suggest that you try it. Use the one on your phone if you want. It helps you to never forget any engagements you might have.
