---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

Blog Questions:

1. What did you do this past week? 
  *Got familiar with the class website.  
  *Made a blog site with Github Pages.  
2. What's in your way?  
  *Don't know Python.  
  *Project 1 Collatz.  
3. What will you do next week?  
  *Work on Project one.  
  *Make my blog site look the way I want it to.  

We just had our first week back at the University of Texas at Austin. The first week is always easy for most people because the teachers take this week to go over the course's syllabus. This class is no different. We went over the syllabus but we also got introduced to some Python code! I don't know anything about Python but thats not going to be a problem with the way that Professor Downing teaches. I liked having my brain stimulated on the first day of class, very refreshing. It was lite enough to ease us back into the new semester.

On Friday, we were introduced to our first project. Professor Downing gave us all to information about the project, as well as the the format of how we should actually “do” this project. We are going to be doing this project as if we were developing code for a real coding job. I love this because its a extremely practical way for us to learn the developmental process. 

We also did a quiz on Friday. I didn't do so hot. I missed the second question because I read the code wrong. Instead of shifting a number to divide two, I went ahead and multiplied by two.  Its a good refresher, so that we don't forget these simple coding basics.

We have an opportunity to earn some extra credit by writing a weekly blog. Setting up this blog was actually very though because I didn't look at all the resources available to us. **Note** You should always look at all the material posted for you. I did it the hard way, taking 3+ hours, when I could have been done in less than 1 hour. It was a good learning experience.

I feel like I am going to really enjoy this class. There is a lot to learn and plenty of room for improving my skills as a Software Engineer.
