---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

Blog Questions:

1. What did you do this past week?     

The readings that were assigned this week were really funny. Pair programming is honestly the way that I prefer to code, if at all possibly. And since we are encouraged to have a partner for project two, I'll have plenty of opportunities to do so. :-)

2. What's in your way?  

As I was finishing Project 1, I realized that most of my wasted time came from trying to complete the project requirements as I was coding. I think it would be faster to read all the tasks first and then plan how I'll actually do them. Some of the tasks that are in the instructions just aren't in the order I would like to do them. I'll have to ask and see if doing tasks out of order will effect our grade at all.

3. What will you do next week?  

The Project is due next week. I'll have to get it done to the spec given. And hopefully I'll be available how to get my code to pass in Sphere so that I can get in on the extra credit.
Project 2 was announced this weekend. Its called Netflix!! This should be an interesting project.

And as always!! I still have to
*Make my blog site look the way I want it to.  

Tips:
Do the readings assigned from the books. Even the readings seem like something that you already know, you should always afford to read more. You can never have to much knowledge about programming and programming languages!!
Also, on the topic of reading, visit the class piazza page. Knowing what kind of problems people are encountering can tell you about what kind of problems you might face in your future job. Because even if you did not have any problems with an assignment, does not mean that your colleagues won't. Read the posts and always help when you can.
