---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

Week 4

Blog Questions:

1. What did you do this past week?     

You really should check out the article readings for this week. Both were about how important error checking can be for your code, out in the real world. Even if you feel as though it would be silly for you to do so, do it.
“
"Very tiny details can have terrible consequences," says Jacques Durand, head of the project, in Paris. "That's not surprising, especially in a complex software system such as this is.
“
Mistakes can have very real consequences. In this case, it was time and money (millions of dollars), but lives could have easily been lost.
Also this week we had a guest speaker come and talk to the class. It was good to hear from someone out there working in our industry. He talked a lot about what it is to work as a software engineer, in different areas of the field too.
And lastly this week, I found myself a partner to work on project 2 with me.

2. What's in your way?  

One of the things that is kinda in the way is scheduling times to work with your partner on the project. It's not that it's a problem or anything, I’ve just realized that it forces you to have a certain level of commitment to the project we are doing together.

3. What will you do next week?  

This next week I’ll have to finish Project 2 with my partner. I’ll have to make time for us to meet up to do the coding together.

*Make my blog site look the way I want it to.  
Good news. I’ve started to work on making my blog site look prettier.
I should have to new updated site up by next week.
Tips:
Last week I encouraged you to read the reading in the books. So this week I’d like to add to that by saying the article reading are just as good. They aren’t as long as the book readings and you get insights into some of the things you will face out in the real world.
